docs(labels): note that labels are only added at PR creation time (#17234)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

With the above config, every PR raised by Renovate will have the label `dependencies` while PRs containing `eslint`-related packages will instead have the label `linting`.

Labels are only added at the time of PR creation, meaning:

- You can remove labels which Renovate adds, and it won't add them back, and
- If you change your config, the labels settings won't be applied to any existing PRs

The `labels` array is non-mergeable, meaning if multiple `packageRules` are matched then the last value for `labels` will be used.

> If you wish too add labels, see the `addLabels` config option, which is instead mergeable.

Author: ```suggestion
If you wish to instead add/combine labels, see the `addLabels` config option, which is mergeable.
```
